style(Dropdown, Autocomplete): unify design across brands (#7767)
dnbexperience/eufemia: packages/dnb-design-system-portal/src/docs/uilib/components/autocomplete/demos.mdx

If an item has a `groupIndex` property, it will use the groups in the `groups` property. Only the first group can be without title, all other groups must have a title.

<AutocompleteGroups />

## No divider

> We can remove the divider between items with the `noDivider` prop. Be ware that this can make information dense lists difficult to parse.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
We can remove the divider between items with the `noDivider` prop. Beware that this can make information dense lists difficult to parse.
```

Author: fixed
